Al/tutorial (#43)
NREL-Sienna/PowerAnalytics.jl: docs/src/tutorials/PA_workflow_tutorial.md

# [Simulation Scenarios Analysis](@id Scenarios_PA_tutorial)

## System

> In this tutorial, we postprocess the simulation results of the Reliability Test System Grid Modernization Lab Consortium ([RTS-GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC)) system ([DOI: 10.1109/TPWRS.2019.2925557](https://doi.org/10.1109/TPWRS.2019.2925557)), which is an updated version of the [RTS-96](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/780914?arnumber=780914&tag=1) with an artificial location situated on an area that covers parts of California, Nevada and Arizona in the southwestern United States. 

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
In this tutorial, we post-process the simulation results of the Reliability Test System Grid Modernization Lab Consortium ([RTS-GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC)) system ([DOI: 10.1109/TPWRS.2019.2925557](https://doi.org/10.1109/TPWRS.2019.2925557)), which is an updated version of the [RTS-96](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/780914?arnumber=780914&tag=1) with an artificial location situated on an area that covers parts of California, Nevada and Arizona in the southwestern United States. 
```

The RTS-GMLC test system consists of: 
- 73 buses, 
- 105 transmission lines, 

> - 157 generators (including 57 solar PV facilities, 4 wind turbines, 20 hydro units and 1 concentrated solar plant), 

Reviewer: Maybe worth including thermals in this breakdown?

> - 1 short-duration (3 hours) storage device with 100 % charging and discharging efficiency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1 short-duration (3 hours) storage device with 100% charging and discharging efficiency
```

```@raw html
<p align="center">
  <img src="../../assets/nodemap_RTSGMLC.png" width="700">
  <br>
  <b>Fig. 1 - <a href="https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/node_re_basemap.png">RTS-GMLC system</a></b>
</p>
```

## Simulation Scenarios

We have obtained simulation results for the following two simulation scenarios: 

> - **Scenario 1** : simulation using the RTS-GMLC test system without any additional modifications (baseline scenario) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Scenario 1**: simulation using the RTS-GMLC test system without any additional modifications (baseline scenario) 
```

> - **Scenario 2** : simulation using the RTS-GMLC test system with increased energy and power capacity of the storage device 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Scenario 2**: simulation using the RTS-GMLC test system with increased energy and power capacity of the storage device 
```

| [`ThermalStandard`](@extref)       | [`ThermalBasicUnitCommitment`](@extref)    |
| [`RenewableDispatch`](@extref)     | [`RenewableFullDispatch`](@extref)            |
| [`RenewableNonDispatch`](@extref)  | [`FixedOutput`](@extref)                      |
| [`HydroDispatch`](@extref)             | [`HydroDispatchRunOfRiver`](@extref)                  |
| [`HydroEnergyReservoir`](@extref)             | [`HydroDispatchRunOfRiver`](@extref)                  |
| [`EnergyReservoirStorage`](@extref)             | [`StorageDispatchWithReserves`](@extref StorageSystemsSimulations.StorageDispatchWithReserves)                  |
| [`PowerLoad`](@extref)             | [`StaticPowerLoad`](@extref)                  |

!!! info

    More information regarding the different formulations can be found in the [`PowerSimulations.jl` Formulation Library](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/formulation_library/Introduction/).
    
We document the above here for completeness, since those will directly define the structure of the optimization problem and consequently its auxiliary variables, expressions, parameters and variables for which realized result values are available. 

> The script that was used to configure and execute the simulation scenarios referenced above can be found [here](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerAnalytics.jl/tree/main/docs/src/tutorials/_run_scenarios_RTS_Tutorial.jl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script that was used to configure and execute the simulation scenarios referenced above can be found [here](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerAnalytics.jl/tree/main/docs/src/tutorials/_run_scenarios_RTS_Tutorial.jl).
```

## Loading Simulation Scenario Results
We begin by loading all the necessary Julia packages.

```@repl tutorial
using PowerSystems
using PowerSimulations
using StorageSystemsSimulations
using HydroPowerSimulations
using DataFrames
using Dates
using CSV
using Plots
using PowerAnalytics

> const PA = PowerAnalytics

Reviewer: Rather than this, I'd recommend doing
```suggestion
using PowerAnalytics.Metrics
```
and then you can reference built-in metrics like `calc_active_power` without a prefix (see [here](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/previews/PR43/reference/public/#Built-in-Metrics))

```

To begin our analysis, we first specify the directory where the simulation results are stored. In our case, the results of both simulation scenarios have been saved within the same directory. 

```@repl tutorial
results_dir = "_simulation_results_RTS"
```

Once we have defined the directory containing our simulation results, the next step is to load them into a structured format for our analysis. 

[`create_problem_results_dict`](@ref) facilitates this by constructing a dictionary where each key corresponds to a scenario name.

We also specify `"UC"`, which corresponds to the name we assigned when creating the [`DecisionModel`](@extref) and refers to the results of the unit commitment simulation. The `populate_system=true` argument ensures that the system model is attached to the results.

```@repl tutorial
results_all = create_problem_results_dict(results_dir, "UC"; populate_system=true)
```

## Single Scenario Results

> In this section of the tutorial, we focus on the results of a single simulation scenario. Since the `results_all` dictionary contains entries for multiple scenarios, we can extract the results for the first one using: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section of the tutorial, we focus on the results of a single simulation scenario. Since the `results_all` dictionary contains entries for multiple scenarios, we can extract the results for a particular one using its name:
```

```@repl tutorial

> results_uc = first(values(results_all))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results_uc = results_all["Scenario_1"]
```

```

Notice that in the output, the names of the realized auxiliary variables, problem expressions, problem parameters, and problem variables available in the results are all listed.

### Obtain the generation time series for each individual thermal component of the system 

After confirming that the key `ActivePowerVariable__ThermalStandard` is present among the realized variables, we can now extract the generation time series for all the thermal ([`ThermalStandard`](@extref)) generators in our system. To achieve this, we follow two steps:

> - Create a [`ComponentSelector`](@extref InfrastructureSystems.ComponentSelector) that identifies the component type we are interested in (in this case [`ThermalStandard`](@extref)). 

Reviewer: Might be useful to add something like "similarly to how you might call `get_components`"

```@repl tutorial
thermal_standard_selector = make_selector(ThermalStandard)
```

- Calculate the active power for the corresponding generators of this type using one of `PowerAnalytics.jl` defined metrics, namely [`calc_active_power`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power), which retrieves the generation time series from the results. 

```@repl tutorial

> PA.calc_active_power(thermal_standard_selector, results_uc)

Reviewer: Can use built-in metrics without prefix if you do `using PowerAnalytics.Metrics` (see above):
```suggestion
calc_active_power(thermal_standard_selector, results_uc)
```

(same below)

```@repl tutorial
storage_area_selector = make_selector(EnergyReservoirStorage; groupby = (x -> get_name(get_area(get_bus(x)))))
```

Next, using the [`ComponentSelector`](@extref InfrastructureSystems.ComponentSelector) we created, we compute the total active power flowing into the storage components of each [`Area`](@extref) using [`calc_active_power_in`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power_in), which is another one of `PowerAnalytics.jl` built-in metrics.

```@repl tutorial
df_charging = PA.calc_active_power_in(storage_area_selector, results_uc)
```

We observe that the resulting dataframe has only a single column for Area "3". This is due to the fact that the RTS-GMLC test system contains only a single storage component, which is located in Area "3". 

We then iterate through each [`Area`](@extref), sort its time series in descending order and extract the 10 timestamps with the highest charging values, an approach that is frequently used for storage capacity value calculations.

```@repl tutorial

> area_columns = names(df_charging, Not("DateTime"))

Reviewer: You can use [`get_data_cols`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/previews/PR43/reference/public/#PowerAnalytics.get_data_cols-Tuple{DataFrames.AbstractDataFrame}) for this

for col in area_columns
    top_10_df = sort(df_charging[:, ["DateTime", col]], col, rev=true)[1:10, :]
    
    println("The top 10 hours of the month for Area $col are:")
    println(top_10_df)
    println() 
end
```

### Computing multiple metrics at once
We can efficiently compute multiple metrics and add their time series in the same summary table by using the [`compute_all`](@ref) function. In this case, we are interested in the three most common storage built-in metrics: 
- [`calc_active_power_in`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power_in): charging power into the storage device

> - [`calc_active_power_in`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power_out): active power output of the storage device

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
- [`calc_active_power_out`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power_out): active power output of the storage device
```

> - [`calc_active_power_in`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_stored_energy): amount of energy stored 

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
- [`calc_stored_energy`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_stored_energy): amount of energy stored 
```

> We can reuse the `storage_area_selector` defined in the previous subsection to perform spatial aggregation by [`Area`](@extref). However, since the resulting summary table will contain a single column for each of the three metrics, we need to adjust the selector’s grouping using [`rebuild_selector`](@ref) to aggregate the time series across all storage components in the system, rather than by [`Area`](@extref).

Reviewer: wording
```suggestion
We can reuse the `storage_area_selector` defined in the previous subsection to perform spatial aggregation by [`Area`](@extref). However, since we need to guarantee that each of the three metrics contributes only a single column to the resulting summary table, we'll adjust the selector’s grouping using [`rebuild_selector`](@ref) to aggregate the time series across all storage components in the system, rather than by [`Area`](@extref).
```

```@repl tutorial

> compute_all(results_uc,

Reviewer: @akrivi there are two ways this function can be called: one is this way with three lists and the other is a kind of "zipped" version with a list of tuples:
```julia
compute_all(results_uc,
    [
        (calc_active_power_in, rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector, groupby = :all), "Storage Charging"),
        (calc_active_power_out, rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector, groupby = :all), "Storage Discharging"),
        (calc_stored_energy, rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector, groupby = :all), "Stored Energy"),
    ])
```

Both are available to the user, and it looks like you use both styles in `analyze_one` below. Any thoughts on which is more intuitive so we can introduce that one first?

Reviewer 2: I think the "zipped" version is more intuitive and I've updated the code block accordingly. 
I've kept both styles in analyze_one for now to show that both can be used but happy to update it for consistency if we want to only use one style everywhere.

Reviewer: I think keeping both styles in `analyze_one` is good. Nitpick: `[]` and `...` undo each other, I think you should just be able to do:
```julia
df = compute_all(results_uc,
    (calc_active_power_in, rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector, groupby = :all), "Storage Charging"),
    (calc_active_power_out, rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector, groupby = :all), "Storage Discharging"),
    (calc_stored_energy, rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector, groupby = :all), "Stored Energy"),
);
```
, guess that's my fault for giving the incorrect signature in my suggestion

> # [PowerAnalytics Tutorial](@id PA_tutorial)

Author: Also update name here

## System and Scenarios

In this tutorial, we postprocess the simulation results of the Reliability Test System Grid Modernization Lab Consortium ([RTS-GMLC](https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC)) system ([DOI: 10.1109/TPWRS.2019.2925557](https://doi.org/10.1109/TPWRS.2019.2925557)), which is an updated version of the [RTS-96](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/780914?arnumber=780914&tag=1) with an artificial location situated on an area that covers parts of California, Nevada and Arizona in the southwestern United States. 

The RTS-GMLC test system consists of: 
- 73 buses, 
- 105 transmission lines, 
- 157 generators (including 57 solar PV facilities, 4 wind turbines, 20 hydro units and 1 concentrated solar plant), 
- 1 short-duration (3 hours) storage device with 100 % charging and discharging efficiency

```@raw html
<p align="center">

>   <img src="../assets/nodemap_RTSGMLC.png" width="700">

Author: To work on Github:
```suggestion
  <img src="../../assets/nodemap_RTSGMLC.png" width="700">
```

  <br>
  <b>Fig. 1 - <a href="https://github.com/GridMod/RTS-GMLC/blob/master/node_re_basemap.png">RTS-GMLC system</a></b>
</p>
```

We have obtained simulation results for the following two simulation scenarios: 

- **Scenario 1** : simulation using the RTS-GMLC test system without any additional modifications (baseline scenario) 

- **Scenario 2** : simulation using the RTS-GMLC test system with increased energy and power capacity of the storage device 

    

> The simulations were performed using the [PowerSystems.jl](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerSystems.jl) and [PowerSimulations.jl](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerSimulations.jl) packages of Sienna. The `CopperPlatePowerModel` formulation was considered for the [Network](https://docs.juliahub.com/General/PowerSimulations/0.30.1/formulation_library/Network.html), while the formulations chosen for each of the component types we want to include in the simulation are presented in the table below: 

Author: Let's set up DocumenterInterLinks.jl so we can link directly to `CopperPlatePowerModel` and any other PSY and PSI references with `@extref`. See PSY for an example for setting up and using `links`: https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerSystems.jl/blob/main/docs/make.jl

> The simulations were performed using the [PowerSystems.jl](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerSystems.jl) and [PowerSimulations.jl](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerSimulations.jl) packages of Sienna. The `CopperPlatePowerModel` formulation was considered for the [Network](https://docs.juliahub.com/General/PowerSimulations/0.30.1/formulation_library/Network.html), while the formulations chosen for each of the component types we want to include in the simulation are presented in the table below: 

Author: ```suggestion
The simulations were performed using the [PowerSystems.jl](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSystems.jl/stable/) and [PowerSimulations.jl](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/) packages of Sienna. The `CopperPlatePowerModel` formulation was considered for the [Network](https://docs.juliahub.com/General/PowerSimulations/0.30.1/formulation_library/Network.html), while the formulations chosen for each of the component types we want to include in the simulation are presented in the table below: 
```

| Component Type        | Formulation                     |

> |-----------------------|----------------------------------|

Author: Could actually turn each of these into a link once DocumenterInterLinks is on

| Line                  | StaticBranch                     |
| TapTransformer                  | StaticBranch                     |
| ThermalStandard       | ThermalBasicUnitCommitment    |
| RenewableDispatch     | RenewableFullDispatch            |
| RenewableNonDispatch  | FixedOutput                      |
| HydroDispatch             | HydroDispatchRunOfRiver                  |
| HydroEnergyReservoir             | HydroDispatchRunOfRiver                  |
| EnergyReservoirStorage             | StorageDispatchWithReserves                  |
| PowerLoad             | StaticPowerLoad                  |

!!! info

>     More information regarding the different formulations can be found in the correspodning [PowerSimulations.jl documentation page](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/formulation_library/Introduction/).

Author: ```suggestion
    More information regarding the different formulations can be found in the corresponding [PowerSimulations.jl documentation page](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/formulation_library/Introduction/).
```

    
We document the above here for completeness, since those will directly define the structure of the optimization problem and consequently its auxiliary variables, expressions, parameters and variables for which realized result values are available. 

The script that was used to configure and execute the simulation scenarios referenced above can be found at ... ++TODO: update link 

## Loading Simulation Scenario Results
We begin by loading all the necessary Julia packages.

```@repl tutorial
using PowerSystems
using PowerSimulations
using StorageSystemsSimulations
using HydroPowerSimulations
using DataFrames
using Dates
using CSV
using Plots
using PowerAnalytics
const PA = PowerAnalytics
```

To begin our analysis, we first specify the directory where the simulation results are stored. In our case, the results of both simulation scenarios have been saved within the same directory. 

```@repl tutorial
results_dir = "simulation_results_RTS"
```

Once we have defined the directory containing our simulation results, the next step is to load them into a structured format for our analysis. 

> `create_problem_results_dict` facilitates this by constructing a dictionary where each key corresponds to a scenario name.

Author: All function references should have a hyperlink, see https://nrel-sienna.github.io/InfrastructureSystems.jl/stable/docs_best_practices/how-to/general_formatting/#hyperlinks

```@repl tutorial
results_all = create_problem_results_dict(results_dir, "UC"; populate_system=true)
```

## Single Scenario Results

In this section of the tutorial, we focus on the results of a single simulation scenario. Since the `results_all` dictionary contains entries for multiple scenarios, we can extract the results for the first one using: 

```@repl
results_uc = first(values(results_all))
```

### Obtain the generation time series for each individual thermal component of the system 

Let's start by inspecting the available realized variables in our results: 

```@repl tutorial
keys(read_realized_variables(results_uc))
```

Since we have confirmed that the key `"ActivePowerVariable__ThermalStandard"` exists in our results, we can now extract the generation time series for all the thermal (`ThermalStandard`) generators in our system. To achieve this, we follow two steps:

1) Create a selector that identifies the component type we are interested in (in this case `ThermalStandard`). 

> 2) Calculate the active power for the corresponding generators of this type using one of PowerAnalytics's defined metrics, namely `calc_active_power`, which retrieves the generation time series from the results. 

Author: PowerAnalytics -> `PowerAnalytics.jl` throughout

```@repl tutorial
results_all = create_problem_results_dict(results_dir, "UC"; populate_system = true)
```

## Single Scenario Results

In this section of the tutorial, we focus on the results of a single simulation scenario. Since the `results_all` dictionary contains entries for multiple scenarios, we can extract the results for a particular one using its name:

```@repl tutorial
results_uc = results_all["Scenario_1"]
```

Notice that in the output, the names of the realized auxiliary variables, problem expressions, problem parameters, and problem variables available in the results are all listed.

### Obtain the generation time series for each individual thermal component of the system

After confirming that the key `ActivePowerVariable__ThermalStandard` is present among the realized variables, we can now extract the generation time series for all the thermal ([`ThermalStandard`](@extref)) generators in our system. To achieve this, we follow two steps:

>   - Create a [`ComponentSelector`](@extref InfrastructureSystems.ComponentSelector) that identifies the component type we are interested in (in this case [`ThermalStandard`](@extref)), similarly to how one would call [`get_components`](@extref PowerSystems.get_components).

Reviewer: nitpick: use numbering rather than bullets

  - [`calc_active_power_out`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power_out): active power output of the storage device
  - [`calc_stored_energy`](@ref PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_stored_energy): amount of energy stored

We can reuse the `storage_area_selector` defined in the previous subsection to perform spatial aggregation by [`Area`](@extref). However, since we need to guarantee that each of the three metrics contributes only a single column to the resulting summary table, we'll adjust the selector’s grouping using [`rebuild_selector`](@ref) to aggregate the time series across all storage components in the system, rather than by [`Area`](@extref).

```@repl tutorial
df = compute_all(results_uc,
    (
        calc_active_power_in,
        rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector; groupby = :all),
        "Storage Charging",
    ),
    (
        calc_active_power_out,
        rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector; groupby = :all),
        "Storage Discharging",
    ),
    (
        calc_stored_energy,
        rebuild_selector(storage_area_selector; groupby = :all),
        "Stored Energy",
    ),
);
show(df; allcols = true)
```

> ## Multiple Scenarios Results

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
## Multiple Scenarios' Results
```

| [`RenewableDispatch`](@extref)     | [`RenewableFullDispatch`](@extref)            |
| [`RenewableNonDispatch`](@extref)  | [`FixedOutput`](@extref)                      |
| [`HydroDispatch`](@extref)             | [`HydroDispatchRunOfRiver`](@extref)                  |
| [`HydroEnergyReservoir`](@extref)             | [`HydroDispatchRunOfRiver`](@extref)                  |
| [`EnergyReservoirStorage`](@extref)             | [`StorageDispatchWithReserves`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/StorageSystemsSimulations.jl/stable/formulation_library/StorageDispatchWithReserves/)                  |
| [`PowerLoad`](@extref)             | [`StaticPowerLoad`](@extref)                  |

!!! info

    More information regarding the different formulations can be found in the [`PowerSimulations.jl` Formulation Library](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/formulation_library/Introduction/).
    
We document the above here for completeness, since those will directly define the structure of the optimization problem and consequently its auxiliary variables, expressions, parameters and variables for which realized result values are available. 

> The script that was used to configure and execute the simulation scenarios referenced above can be found [here](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerAnalytics.jl/blob/al/tutorial/docs/src/tutorials/_run_scenarios_RTS_Tutorial.jl) # TODO: update path

Author: ```suggestion
The script that was used to configure and execute the simulation scenarios referenced above can be found [here](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerAnalytics.jl/blob/al/tutorial/docs/src/tutorials/_run_scenarios_RTS_Tutorial.jl).
```

```@repl tutorial
results_dir = "_simulation_results_RTS"
```

Once we have defined the directory containing our simulation results, the next step is to load them into a structured format for our analysis. 

[`create_problem_results_dict`](@ref) facilitates this by constructing a dictionary where each key corresponds to a scenario name.

We also specify `"UC"`, which corresponds to the name we assigned when creating the [`DecisionModel`](@extref) and refers to the results of the unit commitment simulation. The `populate_system=true` argument ensures that the system model is attached to the results.

```@repl tutorial
results_all = create_problem_results_dict(results_dir, "UC"; populate_system=true)
```

## Single Scenario Results

In this section of the tutorial, we focus on the results of a single simulation scenario. Since the `results_all` dictionary contains entries for multiple scenarios, we can extract the results for the first one using: 

```@repl tutorial
results_uc = first(values(results_all))
```

> 

Author: As part of the tutorial, it's nice to point out what the user should notice after many code blocks (even if it's obvious -- gets them to actually look at the code). Something like "Notice that this lists the names of each of the parameters, expressions, and variables that we access from the results, for our easy reference."

Author: I see some of these down below -- nice.

### Obtain the generation time series for each individual thermal component of the system 

Let's start by inspecting the available realized variables in our results: 

```@repl tutorial

> keys(read_realized_variables(results_uc))

Author: This is a bit redundant with the last code block, since they get listed anyways during the `values` call. Maybe remove this, and see comment above?

```

Since we have confirmed that the key `ActivePowerVariable__ThermalStandard` exists in our results, we can now extract the generation time series for all the thermal ([`ThermalStandard`](@extref)) generators in our system. To achieve this, we follow two steps:

> 1) Create a selector that identifies the component type we are interested in (in this case [`ThermalStandard`](@extref)). 

Author: unfamiliar what a selector is yet. Let's link selector to ComponentSelector in PSY

> 2) Calculate the active power for the corresponding generators of this type using one of [`PowerAnalytics.jl`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/) defined metrics, namely [`calc_active_power`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/reference/public/#PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power), which retrieves the generation time series from the results. 

Author: While I'd link to all other Sienna packages when they're named, I think it's ok to leave the current name un-linked. In some ways, could be more confusing -- like, what's this link to where I think I already am? I'd remove it here and below.

> 2) Calculate the active power for the corresponding generators of this type using one of [`PowerAnalytics.jl`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/) defined metrics, namely [`calc_active_power`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/reference/public/#PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power), which retrieves the generation time series from the results. 

Author: ```suggestion
2) Calculate the active power for the corresponding generators of this type using one of `PowerAnalytics.jl` defined metrics, namely [`calc_active_power`](@ref), which retrieves the generation time series from the results. 
```

Author: There might be a couple other things that have explicit urls, rather than `@ref`

```@repl tutorial
thermal_standard_selector = make_selector(ThermalStandard)
```

> Notice that in the resulting dataframe, each column represents the time series of an individual component. This behavior follows from the default settings of [`make_selector`](@ref), since we have not specified any additional arguments to modify the default grouping.

Author: I think the `calc_active_power` code block is missing. What about interspersing the 2 code blocks so they directly follow the 2 steps listed?

It is also important to keep in mind that by default, only the available components of the system will be included in the resulting dataframe.

!!! info

>     For a complete list of the [`PowerAnalytics.jl`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/) built-in metrics, please refer to: [PowerAnalytics Built-In Metrics](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/reference/public/#Built-in-Metrics). 

Author: ```suggestion
    For a complete list of the `PowerAnalytics.jl` built-in metrics, please refer to: [Built-In Metrics](@ref). 
```

Author: Headers can be directly referenced, unless they have a custom `@id` tag

```@repl tutorial
thermal_standard_selector_sys = make_selector(ThermalStandard; groupby=:all)
```

We again use the built-in [`calc_active_power`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerAnalytics.jl/stable/reference/public/#PowerAnalytics.Metrics.calc_active_power) metric in order to compute the active power time series for this aggregated group. 

The resulting dataframe contains the single time series representing the total thermal generation across all thermal generators in the system.

```@repl tutorial
sys_active_power = PA.calc_active_power(thermal_standard_selector_sys, results_uc)
```

Since our goal is to compare generation values across the days of the week, we perform a temporal aggregation using [`aggregate_time`](@ref). By passing `groupby_fn = dayofweek` as an argument, we group the data by day of the week (where 1= Monday, 2 = Tuesday, etc.), summing the total MWh generated on each weekday across the dataset.

```@repl tutorial
df_day = aggregate_time(sys_active_power; groupby_fn = dayofweek, groupby_col = "agg_day")
```

> Finally, we sort the daily values in descending order and create a bar plot using the [`Plots.jl`](https://docs.juliaplots.org/stable/) package to visually compare total thermal generation across days.

Author: This is nice, but I think we should remove this part since it's not focusing Sienna functionality (e.g., PowerGraphics)
